Add `plumb_api()` and `available_apis()` (#631)
rstudio/plumber: NEWS.md

* R repository modified to `focal-cran40` using Ubuntu 20.04 LTS for digital ocean provisioning (@meztez, #529)

> * When `plumb()`ing a file, the working directory is set to the file's directory. (#631)

Reviewer: Move to 1st position, this is quite an important change

* Documentation is presented using pkgdown (#570)

* Added a Tidy API for easier programmatic usage (@blairj09, #590)

> * Added functions `plumb_api()` and `available_apis()` . These methods should be used to have a consistent pattern when distributing multiple Plumber APIs from within a package. To view the available Plumber APIs, call `available_apis()`. To retrieve a package's available API, call `plumb_api(pkg, name)` (#631)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `plumb_api()` for standardizing where to locate (`inst/plumber`) and how to run (`plumb_api(pkg, name)`) plumber apis inside an R package. To view the available Plumber APIs, call `available_apis()`. (#631)
```
